sup guys for excited to you here in this
video we're going to be opening some
15,000 gold packs and some of the 8500
silver packs and you'll notice that we
can inform a little later in the video
so that's something to look forward to
and right here we're going to start out
with the 15,000 gold packs and in the
gold packs we don't really get anything
too great but you'll see some things we
get that are kind of decent but I want
to talk about something to start off
with and that is that we're going to be
uploading for mishima sports and the
near future we actually submitted our
first video to them yesterday and I'm
not going to tell you what the video is
about you're just going to wait and see
when it is posted on machine with sports
we'll be sure to post a bulletin about
it and you guys will be able to check
that out and right here we're opening
another fifteen thousand gold pack and
in the gold packs we don't get anything
too great right there we got a commute a
my first start playing ultimate team can
you today was on my team just because I
saw he was 83 overall but he's not
really good player so that right there
that gold pack was definitely a negative
profit and can party invites from some
people and let's see what we get in this
gold pack cata Xabi Alonso he used to go
for a lot in the beginning of ultimate
team but now he's only worth about 3,000
centre-forward striker car that's pretty
decent and the all attribute plus 10
cars those actually go for about a
thousand coins so if you one of those
don't discard or anything because those
are worth about a thousand right here we
get a luis fabiano from Sao Paulo
there's another version of him from the
BBVA but right there that fabiano gusts
for about 1,500 2,000 coins and then
we're moving on to the 8500 silver packs
and we did a little bit a little bit
better players and these silver packs as
you see we got two left backs from the
English leagues and then that Serbian
player and I'm going to pronounce his
name but he goes for about four or five
thousand coins so that was a decent pack
right there right here that right mid
from Jamaica he was actually four one
two and two so he's pretty valuable and
then that center back from Scotland is
actually worth four or five thousand
coins so moving on to the next pack
let's see what we get yeah this is one
of the worst packs that we got that
right wing was actually a fourth root
through formation which wasn't too bad
but not a good pack right there I'll to
get in this pack and there it is
informed centre-back he's from the
Portuguese league at hugo and we there
when we got this card there were only
two up on the auction and we put them up
for about twenty thousand coins so he's
pretty good value but nothing too
amazing and right here bad pack but
that's all for this pack opening video
hope you guys enjoyed it more videos in
the future if you guys like this that
will help us out and talk to you guys
later